# HCI-PROJECT-WEB-AND-APP
An online website is a virtual platform on the Internet where initially customer will sign-up for new account then customers for purchase, can browse the catalog and select products of interest. The selected items may be collected in a shopping cart. At checkout time, the items in the shopping cart will be presented as an order. At that time, more information will be needed to complete the transaction. Usually, the customer will be asked to fill or select a billing address, a shipping address, a shipping option, and payment information such as credit card number. An e-mail notification is sent to the customer as soon as the order is placed. For Selling, customer can post for the product to sell and the price in which he wants to sell. Specially, there is a donate feature in which a customer can donate for the needy ones for which he/she will get some reward. The purpose of making E-commerce website is to implement the concepts that we have studied in HCI course in realtime website. Since people prefer online shoppping as compared to inplace shopping. We will try to make UI/UX better for users so that users get attracted while interacting with the system via website, and therefore enhancing and improving user  interaction will result in user retention and hence more usability amound numerous user. So that we achieve the following goals: =>Better business due to satisfied customers =>Higher profits ratio due to more competitive products and services  =>Decreased overall development and maintenance costs =>Decreased customer support costs
